we're filling bread cat shirts now check
out our shop on dftba bread cat shirts
bread cat jacket tattoos they're
stickers I look like a method in the
storefront picture why I don't know go
through the garage quick note this is a
pre-order it will not get to you by
Christmas I don't know why you would
have thought that probably sometime mid
January late January because they need
to be printed we have no idea how many
people are going to buy them pre-order
you will not get it for a month at least
[Music]
don't mind me I'm just taking my cat for
a walk hey buddy okay come on we've got
things to do today we just took a
picture for a Christmas present for my
mom with that what are you doing you're
learning what a cactus is a photo
present for my mom of a cat and a horse
and a weird horse person that's my
sister and that's that's a horse just
one good question why the long face I'm
your host Gary Gary Gary and today an
interview that you've been waiting for
for a very long time are you subscribed
to PewDiePie what are your thoughts on
the current and geopolitical climate in
the Middle East
do you like turtles man small
hard-hitting answers how much is this
thing weigh 1,400 pounds wow it's like a
car is hay for horses my cue to leave
why did my parents give me three Gary's
it could have been Chad it could have
been Bethenny I don't care where are we
going next kitty Oh back home to make a
Christmas ornament wow you're so good at
transitions do you want you want that
you w-want
yeah okay with hello and welcome to a
very special episode in fact it is the
holiday Christmas special
that's not very inclusive JA I have a
special guest today that is caretaker
how do you feel about getting dragged
into this this is gonna be fine
you left this over here why you hiding
it
today we are going to build a Christmas
ornament because I don't have a lot of
input when it comes to decorating around
here I don't know why I feel like I
should have more authority to decorate
you would you like to elaborate on why
I'm not allowed to decorate anything
because our house would look awful
Oh today's video is me forcing my way
into the decorations we're gonna start
with this little house we have a fire
LED nice and cozy power adapters and
some little RGB strips in case we get in
trouble this is exciting I love this
court I call it the danger court you
know what I call the danger cord yeah
grab one of those and screw that into it
and then pull the little if it catches
on fire just scream and I'll unplug it
realistic flame effects oh hey look at
that how do we take this light out this
looks too much just like a cozy cabin
fireplace I think we need to step our
game up hello I'm looking to get just a
cheap babe
she do you want to open this and all I'm
gonna ask you because I'm gonna ask you
some questions
[Music]
how did you get so patient actually I
think we can I can answer that one for
you she's not we just edit all the
unpatient stuff out of the videos that's
a lot I teach fifth grade and we'll have
the same mentality of the countries
again I'm a teacher I teach fifth grade
in William has the same maturity and
mental capacity of a fifth grader
you heard it here kids you can be just
like me by changing literally nothing
that was from Dustin Zachary says what
do you think of William and Michael's
projects that are always going on does
it ever get daunting yes to the whole
question or the last half yes thank you
how do you pronounce gif and how many
marshmallows can you fit in your mouth
and still say it okay okay look what we
have right in here wait wait wait wait
what there were marshmallows here the
other day one you say there yes yes yes
one two three four Oh pathetic well it
looks like the whole bag is now ruined
wants a snack so sparks and zeros the
answer is four four marshmallows let's
make some progress on the house you
assemble that when I'll assemble this
one yeah why didn't we do this for the
game illuminator from Harry Potter
[Music]
except this one you click it and it
gives you all I'm gonna trigger so many
people right now cancer to use I should
read the instructions but I'm not gonna
this is exactly what we did for the
beanie except way better this is
vegetable glycerin
I think it's actually sweet yeah but
it's like a very gross like chemically
sweet it's used as an artificial
sweetener for people who like disgusting
sweet flavors we need I think to put a
little bit of water in that to help it
flow better
[Music]
yeah how is this gonna go on the tree
though take the old bad tree topper off
I think it's time for more questions
with caretaker
I shouldn't plug it Graci says when do
you plan to take over williams channel
never Eli says just want to thank you
for keeping William alive he's great but
we all know he'd be dead without you by
now yes does your caretakers insurance
cover fires yes what has been your
favorite project that will made on
camera are off camera because you I
think the one of the coolest things is
when we lived at this studio and you
made the custom utensil holders for the
drawers because the drawers were really
small but I don't think you film that on
camera on camera this question is from
Pete by the way I really liked the
laser-cut gingerbread trailer I liked
that one a lot how did you feel about
that project a year after when we were
living in an actual trailer it's not as
funny but when you made it I thought it
was kind of clever I thought was cool
thank you do you have to clean up after
William when he makes a mess Christian a
lot of the time he's bad but he doesn't
like to be yelled at so he's gotten
better at cleaning Bret says shouldn't
she be the one doing the engineering you
clearly are not qualified yes let's make
some progress on the house and we'll
come back to Q&A with caretaker
back to questions with caretaker William
stalking John I have more stuff but it
won't fit in his Dawkins infinite
emerald will she ever make an invention
of her own
I mean maybe Rollie says what's the
worst food William has attempted to make
oh that was a doozy so like three
summers ago he was obsessed with pickled
eggs after we were in were we in Utah or
Wyoming Utah yeah and he tried I tried
the bite and it was disgusting but he's
actually a really good cook other than
that never again pickled eggs because we
should make pickled eggs again they were
really bad
they were good you ate them all see I
think the problem is you would think
good pickled eggs were bad too so it
wasn't like I don't like eggs Lee Toland
says have you ever done DMT I have no
idea what that means it's I'm pretty
sure it's drugs no Marisa says how much
is William secretly paying you not to
leave wouldn't be secret if we told you
so it goes back to the house you're sick
zip-ties I need you to attach the hose
to one of the inlets of the vape you
fail the test it's not a big deal he was
real good point we'll have more tests
later on do you have to have zip ties or
do you want no I just this looks like
we're making a bomb or something you
know this reminds me of our old house
smells oh now my nose is all runny what
is happening I was smelling it okay we
open some oh wait if we rip this house
of work concerned about messing that up
but you don't care about messing up the
actual house that we live in we can hot
glue it back on weird it already check
it out yo we have our flame led our vape
Nashville with a nine gram servo hot
glued to it that presses the button and
what drives the servo I've decided to go
the low effort route and attach it to a
servo tester with a six volt battery
pack
[Music]
mail time you want to be Santa and how
does it look it looks looks good it
looks bad
caretakers always wanted to participate
in mail time she's constantly saying you
need to open the packages and I know
it's complicated because if you put it
in the videos you sort of balloon the
videos up this video is one of those
videos so Santa you pick this is from
Scarpa like you got some newspapers
William my name is Nick and I love your
videos I am typing this letter because
my handwriting still looks like a first
grader and I can't spell I'm pretty sure
we might be the same person I met you at
Maker Faire in Queens New York a few
weeks ago oh man we open these packages
way too late did you please sign the
photo and send it back and a pre stamped
envelope you are the greatest Nick oh
and there's some candy ah Thank You Nick
the big wheel yeah I say we save the big
box for the end next package I didn't
say open the candy this is from Oh No I
notice you haven't worn York astronaut
shirt this shirt may be large for women
we don't know fate is fickle
we also included pictures of our cats
because they are great meat willow
Barnabas and Shake Kyra
Megan Sarah and Max Sarah Sarah there's
a center on it thank you guys
Josh Ford hi William my name is Josh and
I'm 17
my best friend Sophie and I absolutely
adore your videos along with this letter
I have included a picture of yourself it
would mean the world to me if you could
sign it to Sophie for an early Christmas
gift oh wow so what are you getting me
I'm gonna do it why would I not Thank
You Josh
all right Santa Loren work I I don't
like those I threw them up once and I
just can't get the taste of William I
don't think you have enough cat-related
shirts correct so I made one for you
Loren number one fans it's cool
Thank You Lauren Hunter wing I'm writing
you from West Virginia on the first
chilly day in October if it's not too
much to ask for an autograph of the
character I would greatly appreciate it
thank you very much hunter and you will
one's for you and one he wants you
decide okay hi William
hi William
enjoy your fan mail Simon Simon thank
you say that's hilarious
flora Gutierrez body shirts in thought
of you oh yes oh yes it says from my mic
action John thinks it spells America
here's what's your third grade Chinese
level maybe second second great Chinese
again well calm and love rats oh well
thank you
okay this is a another mystery Chinese
package and it's uh it's a GoPro mount
Thank You Eli Morris boy oh my name is
Eli I have been subscribed to your
channel since you released your real
gravy train camera John I was going to
send a starch treat but as my school
doesn't let me send food and envelopes I
drew some instead thank you very much
Eli Jeremy Thompson
I noticed you receive a lot of t-shirt
so I thought I'd send you a new old
stock pair of jeans that I had in the
closet I may or may not have I may or
may not have sharda to them but you
never know it
thank you very much Jeremy I for one
will put these on and add to the shirt
yay yeah what's your favorite game I
like portal what is your birthday
it is the day I was born do you have any
pets we don't because we've never lived
somewhere were you allowed to have pets
we have my parents and sisters pets the
cat's young sigh all right this has to
be another Chinese package do I just not
give up October William I hope you like
this shirt because it contains both cats
and lasers from Calvin that's absolutely
horrifying I love it thank you very much
Calvin then woe turday Ben no just Ben
from Illinois Ben from Illinois hey
that's pretty good
you have your own YouTube channel that
was actually one of the Q&A questions
love you less why don't you make your
own YouTube videos why do you make your
own YouTube videos Chelsea I would like
to just tell you that you have inspired
me to create silly things like you but I
do have one question what kind of
engineer are you a bad one I would I
would really like to know
I drew this cat all for you thank you
Ben
advice for future engineers is make
stuff on your own because school won't
teach you how to make things The Wizard
of paws oh my gosh I want this Thank You
mystery sender yo shirt
Oh Oh the therfore thank you your shirt
or mystery cinder this box is from
Daniel
gleb big warning do not rip box hello
William since your original laser-cut
videos played a major part in inspiring
to build me to build my own 80 watt
laser cutter I have sent you this gift
oh you have no idea I had an idea of
what this was and I'm so excited oh yes
oh yes this is great I've actually
really really been wanting to make
something like this did you did he make
the PCB oh the circuit board he milled
the circuit board on a shape oak oh this
is great I'm definitely gonna take this
apart a little bit and look through it
and then put it back to get it
thank you very much Daniel this is so
cool mystery Vietnam package I can
finally do my in-person banking in peace
hello yes I would I would like to take
out all the money in the bank please
Martin from New York dear William I'm a
freshman at Webster Thomas high school
and we are doing a project in our
word-processing class where we have to
send a business letter
just someone Thank You Martin too much I
don't hey you guys wanna see a magic
trick
three two one all right Noah in Colorado
that's my name is Noah and I'm 13 I've
been watching your videos for a long
time I was wondering if I could get an
autograph from you'd be really cool yes
yes you can
oh cambodia a little dinky helicopter
place in austin from organ scene why hi
Willa Michael my girlfriend and I are
big fans it is her birthday in December
spirit hey guys so what we're gonna have
to do is start sending like if you want
to get it read by a certain date send it
six months and it oh that's adorable
and then this right here is a cool world
war 2 helmet replica I think this is
meant for Michael Happy New Year Austin
and Danai Elton from ia
he's telling me to kick Michael and it
would mean the world to him if we if I
could draw a picture of a cat I mean was
a tattoo on his body no matter how bad
it is are you sure this is a corporate
box of ramen they asked if they can send
it said yeah I don't promise you
anything we have some snacks thanks to
Japan ramen box this is from Michael and
Tennessee and it's a glitter bomb I'm
excited okay okay
oh hey guys disarming a bomb thank you
for all the work that goes into your
videos and the projects you feature on
them you are truly an inspiration
Michael
big box Benji all right Benji I can't
believe you moved into a house with
Michael Reaves and I can't wait for all
the videos I painted hola oh my god are
we ready yes that is amazing
that's really good that's really good
Thank You Benji anchor has to go thank
you very much everyone and we will see
you next time I don't know if we gonna
have any videos out this year I think
this might be the last video Z see you
next year unless I film something by
myself which is probably might happen
but then get always